Update issues-workflow.md (#301)
kyma-project/community: issues-workflow.md

>**NOTE**: Issues are taken from the main Kyma backlog by different teams that are responsible for specific areas of Kyma. This is the actual workflow in Kyma which allows distinguishing which team works on a specific issue. This approach allows easy work in team sprints using ZenHub board. We are aware that our teams' names may be cryptic for the external community, but at the moment we are not able to provide any better solution. If you have a better idea, your feedback would be highly appreciated. Sorry for the inconvenience.

### Team sprints
Team Sprint is modeled as a GitHub milestone named with the following pattern: `Sprint_{TEAM_NAME}_{NUMBER}`. During the planning, a team selects issues from the backlog considering:
- priority (high priority first)
- area (default capability of the team first)
- dependencies (unblock others)

> Contributors move the issue to "In progress" track in ZenHub when they start working on it. When the work is done, the issue is closed.

Reviewer: I believe that it's more common to use "column" instead of "track".

Author: In Zenhub it's called "pipeline", I'll change to that

Reviewer 2: I would also go for `column` - I know it is called pipeline on Zenhub but I don't think it is clear for sb who has not read ZenHub documentation ;)

> Contributors move the issue to "In progress" track in ZenHub when they start working on it. When the work is done, the issue is closed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Contributors move the issue to the **In progress** column on the ZenHub board when they start working on it. When the work is done, the issue is closed.
```
